[Music]
if I close this deal I'll be the first
left woman to be a VP in the company
it's your sister
she's gay now if you could pick her up
I'd appreciate it what time what time
honey it's Jail you get it when you can
like the song say you don't smell like
roaches in here and that big box in the
back of an animal what is this a kid man
I need a job won't you just work here
what you want to put Plan C
my sister is a bit much how can I help
you what they say you were standing in
line all this time you don't know what
you want okay you could just stand right
there you think about it who is this
Charlie Charlie he is an amazing guy she
met him online a year ago but she's
never even seen him it seems too good to
be true if the man looks too good to be
true here you're being catfished anybody
we need to go and find this son of a
who catfished it and we're gonna
tear his ass up this should be good
[Music]
girl I got his address we gonna do this
tonight
we gonna need a saw some plastic burner
phone I can't that's good you need to go
ahead and let all the liquids out cuz
you don't want to leave no DNA you're
not helping every time you try to kill
the man you're gonna squirt a little pee
I know that for sure this connection is
so wrecking it hello what mama you know
it I'm sorry what we not all know cell
phone line I can't hear you baby I can't
[Music]